[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When most of us
hear the term medium,
we think of Ouija boards,
tarot cards, and crystal balls,
but there is more to mediums
than Hollywood has led us
to believe.
Mediums believe do not
speak with the dead
as there is no such
thing as death.
There is only a transition
from the physical being
to the spiritual
being, and mediums
are sensitive and
intuitive enough
to hear, feel, and
see information
coming from the other side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It has been a gift, but it
can also be a curse when you
don't know how to work with it
because once you open yourself
to your power, it just works
and works and works constantly.
My name is Angelique,
and I'm a psychic medium.
I was born with this gift,
and it was very difficult
when I was a small
child knowing things
from the age of two or three and
telling people things that they
didn't quite understand.
I was very obsessed with
fortune tellers and people that
could read tea leaves
and crystal balls
and all those kind of things.
And I used to go to all of them.
I grew up in Johannesburg,
and I knew where all the best
ones were and how to find them.
And some of them were really
accurate, and some of them
were real charlatans.
And then one day my mother
got a little magazine
in an "Australian Home
Journal" or something,
and it was all about fortune
telling-- crystal ball, tea
leaves, cards, and all that.
And she said maybe
you can use this.
So I took it and I looked
at it, and the only thing
I had at hand was a set
of playing cards, which
they showed how to use it.
And I was about 16, and I
said to all my friends come.
I can tell you your future.
And I used to put a
little book on my lap,
and I'd go, oh, this
and this and this
and they'd say to me
how do all this stuff.
And I started first
with the playing cards.
Some people like tarot cards,
but I've used angel cards.
I learned from time
and experience.
I never saw myself as doing
this as a professional thing,
and that is why only 30
years later after doing
every other modality of job that
you can imagine on the planet,
I realized that I
do have a calling.
And my calling is to
help advise people
because I've worked out and
figured out many years back
that I actually channel and
I channel from the Akashic
Records of my own and of others.
The Akashic Records is
basically the Book of Life
that all religions
tell you about,
and everything you've ever been
or ever will be or ever will
become is written in
that book of life,
which you write yourself.
And so therefore you are the
creator of your own reality,
you're the creator
of your own problems,
of your own dilemmas,
and you here to have
a human experience
and to learn from being human.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In my family, they
haven't been any psychics,
but they were healers.
My father's sister
was a healer, and I've
got a daughter that is very
much now coming into her right
and a granddaughter
who is exactly like me.
But she hasn't got there
yet because she's only
starting her life right now.
>> In ancient times, people
would travel great distances
seeking oracles believed
to offer divine insights
concerning past,
present, and future.
Modern-day oracles
such as Angelique
go by names like psychic,
medium, or clairvoyant often
using cards to help tap into
their greater consciousness.
And what I do is I also
do mediumship for people
and talk to the relatives
on the other side.
And I can also do
regression hypnosis, which
I do to help people with when
they've stuck in their past
and they are not able to move
forward in this lifetime.
So I love my work.
I love what I do.
I've done many, many
different things in my life,
but if I had to say the
best thing that I do
is when I help other
people to find their truth
and their direction.
>> I'm Monique.
Today we're very
lucky to be going out
to a psychic named Angie here in
Plettenberg Bay, South Africa.
She's a world renowned psychic.
Very often I've found within
my path that at a turning
point and crossroads, I found
that a psychic is very useful.
It's always nice to
get some insights
from these therapists
that channel
this interesting information.
What I find is it sort of
sits at the back of your mind
when various big windows
of opportunities arise,
and very often you
actually realize
that it coincides with what's
been said in the reading.
As far as it goes at the moment,
I've just taken over a business
that I've been involved
with with my heart
and soul for many
years, and it's always
good to get some insight of how
it's going to be developing.
I love to take the information
that a psychic gives
and integrate it in my
life in a positive way.
I find the information
is very often
of higher positive thought,
and it's fantastic for me
to use in a practical
way in my life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So we will be heading out.
I'm excited for the
journey to Angie's farm
in Plettenberg Bay.
So, yeah, looking
forward to it and super
excited to hear what Angie says.
I'm just interested
to know how it
happened that you just knew that
you were channeling in neck.
>> Well, I didn't.
I was questioned because they
asked me to do a three-day
thing when I lived
in Cape Town--
>> Oh Cape.
>> At a-- from the "Namaste"
magazine many years ago.
And she said what do you do.
And I said I don't know.
And she said but you
couldn't be able to tell
people what you do.
So I sat there, and
I said what do I do.
Where do I get all
the stuff from?
I didn't have guides
or angels or people
like that talking to me.
I don't hear voices.
>> OK.
>> And then I realized that
I'm reading information from
the person's life.
Where would that be?
In a book.
Mean that there's
an Akashic Record--
>> Record, yes.
>> Of everybody's past,
present, and future.
>> You just see the--
>> And then I see to--
no, I get into the higher self.
My higher self gets
into the higher self,
and that's how I do it.
She said that makes
sense to put that in.
And ever since then, I didn't
ask any more questions.
I don't speak in symbols, and I
don't tell them a lot of things
that they might want to hear.
I tell them what is the truth
and the only truth which they
have written in their
own books because they
choose who they are, each body
incarnation that they take.
And so therefore, if
you've written the script,
you've got to live the script.
It's your movie, and
you have to make sure
that you go through it.
If you don't like the script,
you change the script,
and then obviously your mind
changes and your body changes
and your circumstances change.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Right, so the way it
works is that I channel
from your Akashic Records.
So none of my energy gets used,
and none of it is my opinion.
And what I do is I give
you information that is
helpful to you for your future.
So what I'd like
you to do is choose
one of these packs, these.
That one.
OK, thank you.
Right.
Have you just recently
changed your job?
>> Yeah, there has been a
shift in the work, yeah.
>> It's the best thing
that ever happened.
I know it doesn't feel
like it at the moment,
but it will be for
you because you're
moving into a much better place,
a much healthier environment
mentally and just
hanging in there
with a commitment of knowing
that you're on the right track.
So don't feel a bit wobbly
because of the change.
Because there's
somebody that gave you
difficulty as a person.
I can see a female energy that
used to be difficult for you
in your-- not in your life
but in your work space.
Is there someone that you
didn't get on with too well?
>> I'm not sure.
More recent or--
>> Yeah, recently.
>> Was someone-- it was jealous
of you or maybe envious of you.
>> I'm not sure.
It's just been a different
journey, very strong--
too strong.
Well then, perhaps
if it's that or--
>> That's it.
>> There's been a lot of
different work I've done to be
honest because it could be my
previous work that was very--
you know they were--
>> Because what I'm seeing is
that it's each time you've made
a change, you've improved.
You're improving as a person,
you're improving as a worker,
and you're improving
with your knowledge.
So give yourself credit
now for everything
that's happening in your life.
Now when it comes to
relationships and love and all
those kind of things, you've got
to start being more assertive
not because you got to be
bossy or that kind of thing.
But just state your case.
Make sure that the other
person knows what's right
and what's wrong.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You going to be moving
out soon I'm seeing.
>> Not particularly it was
meant to be on the cards but we
should be home now for a good--
>> It's still hovering.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
I think it might have been
put on hold but not over yet
because I'm definitely seeing
a house move, which is going
to be much better for you.
Do you live near water
because I see that water
is very important near you?
>> Yeah, well, we close
to the beach back in--
>> And you always need that.
For your energy,
it's very important.
>> Good clarification because
it's there or the mountains
for me.
I'm always between the two.
>> Very much so.
And I see that it's time for you
over the next couple of months
to go through a major
rebirthing in your life.
If it's a relationship change,
it could be in the relationship
that there will be a change and
a much improved relationship
so don't panic.
Don't stress.
Just be gentle,
speak your truth,
and let them understand
where you're coming from.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Would you like to start
your own business?
>> I do have a few--
>> You just recently.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you feel that you could
do more with that because what
I'm seeing is I see money coming
to you to help you enlarge it.
>> Oh, the other.
>> Have you got someone that's
sponsoring you or someone
that's good--
>> Well, it's the other business
that I run that would sponsor
it because it's my--
>> Yeah, you don't have to
give up anything at this stage.
You keep both because
one can feed that--
and then once you've got
that one fully established,
then you can let
the other one go.
You don't have to let one--
anything go right now.
I'd say more towards next
year, the first three,
four months maybe
by April next year.
I'm seeing a lot of changes
happen for you always in April.
The next three months are going
to be very interesting for you.
You're going to be very busy.
You're going to be
very tired, so you
need to build up your strength
and your energy for everything
because it's going to feel even
more chaotic than it is right
now.
So whatever work it
is what you're doing,
you're going to be taxed.
But then you're going to
get the benefits of that,
and the new year
will come much--
but if you do the breathing
and you calm yourself then
you don't panic
before you get there.
So you as the key person in
your home, you bring the peace.
Your children are at peace.
Your life is at peace.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now you can ask a specific
question if you'd like.
Anything.
>> Yeah, my partner,
just want to see if he--
check in if he's OK.
>> Finances, yeah,
we have been--
>> Business, big changes.
There's where--
this is the problem.
That's you worrying
about their future.
How can you support this person
because that's all they need.
Not money, support.
Acceptance.
He's feeling very scared.
He's scared.
Your anxiety and this
is a fearful person--
fear of the future, fear
of not having enough money,
fear of losing everything,
unsure what's going to happen,
unsure of what
you're going to do.
So put the fears to rest .
Help that person to understand
nothing to be afraid of him.
Just choose one so it will be
your message to take with you.
>> Thanks.
>> Number 55 have a
look at the picture.
It says here illumination,
so this is your message now.
There is no separation.
Don't exclude yourself.
Include yourself in everything,
in your children's lives,
in your partner's life,
in your neighbor's life,
in your future, in--
you don't have to
buy into the rubbish,
but you buy into the fact that
we're all exactly the same.
There's no enemies.
There's nobody fighting you.
There's no one out to get you.
There's no one to take
anything away from you.
You're safe.
It's OK.
And so are your children
and your family.
>> Good.
We just finished the reading,
and I must be honest.
I'm feeling quite elevated.
It was very helpful,
and at the same time,
it's really brought about peace.
So interesting to
hear that when you
coming to the end of a
cycle within your life
that there is a
bit of turbulence
and a lot of shifts and changes.
So I feel like I've
been going through that
and building
towards a bit of a--
a bit of a hopefully
breakthrough, and this
is what the reading has said.
She did mention that it's going
to be a very exhausting time
moving forward, which I'm scared
for because I can't possibly
get more exhausted, but I think
that's generally something
that we've all
been experiencing.
Just with regards to my
various relationships and peace
of mind about the businesses and
the direction they're going in,
I just think that she really
spoke spot on to what I needed.
No, I'd like to thank Angelique
for this amazing reading
and thank everyone involved
for making this possible.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It was very pleasant to meet
a lovely young lady, Monique.
Most of the people
that I meet I only
see once maybe or
sometimes more.
But the fortunate
thing for me is
that I never remember
anything that I told them.
And I always tell them at
the end if you're happy, then
please tell others.
If you're not happy,
please tell me now
because I don't remember
anything that I say.
And she seemed pleased, and
I'm sure she's satisfied.
And if she ever needs advice,
again maybe she'll come again.
I don't do predictions.
I don't-- because people
create their own reality.
I only guide them to the journey
that is of the highest good.
However, the advice that
I give to each person
is that just always
remember there
is no such thing as a
crossroad because you can never
go back and redo anything
ever, ever again.
The last minute, the last hour,
the lost lifetime is done.
But you reach a T junction.
And when you make the choice
and you take a left turn,
you're going to end up
in a left direction.
And the end of that
direction is already
foretold by your action.
Trust that there is good in
guidance from a higher space.
>> Psychics like Angelique
look at life from a different
vantage point, dipping into the
realms where time is not linear
and knowledge goes
beyond reason.
In times of uncertainty,
this type of guidance
may be the turning
point for someone,
guidance from the other side.
[END THEME PLAYING]